# Rust API for openapi_client

API for ECE 461/Spring 2023/Project 2: A Trustworthy Module Registry

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 2.0.0
- Build date: 2023-03-13T14:36:06.645-04:00[America/Indianapolis]

For more information, please visit [http://davisjam.github.io](http://davisjam.github.io)

This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client PackageByNameDelete
cargo run --example client PackageByNameGet
cargo run --example client PackageByRegExGet
cargo run --example client PackageDelete
cargo run --example client PackageRate
cargo run --example client PackageRetrieve
cargo run --example client PackagesList
cargo run --example client RegistryReset
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**CreateAuthToken**](docs/default_api.md#CreateAuthToken) | **PUT** /authenticate | 
[**PackageByNameDelete**](docs/default_api.md#PackageByNameDelete) | **DELETE** /package/byName/{name} | Delete all versions of this package.
[**PackageByNameGet**](docs/default_api.md#PackageByNameGet) | **GET** /package/byName/{name} | 
[**PackageByRegExGet**](docs/default_api.md#PackageByRegExGet) | **POST** /package/byRegEx/{regex} | Get any packages fitting the regular expression.
[**PackageCreate**](docs/default_api.md#PackageCreate) | **POST** /package | 
[**PackageDelete**](docs/default_api.md#PackageDelete) | **DELETE** /package/{id} | Delete this version of the package.
[**PackageRate**](docs/default_api.md#PackageRate) | **GET** /package/{id}/rate | 
[**PackageRetrieve**](docs/default_api.md#PackageRetrieve) | **GET** /package/{id} | Interact with the package with this ID
[**PackageUpdate**](docs/default_api.md#PackageUpdate) | **PUT** /package/{id} | Update this content of the package.
[**PackagesList**](docs/default_api.md#PackagesList) | **POST** /packages | Get the packages from the registry.
[**RegistryReset**](docs/default_api.md#RegistryReset) | **DELETE** /reset | Reset the registry


## Documentation For Models

 - [AuthenticationRequest](docs/AuthenticationRequest.md)
 - [AuthenticationToken](docs/AuthenticationToken.md)
 - [EnumerateOffset](docs/EnumerateOffset.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Package](docs/Package.md)
 - [PackageData](docs/PackageData.md)
 - [PackageHistoryEntry](docs/PackageHistoryEntry.md)
 - [PackageId](docs/PackageId.md)
 - [PackageMetadata](docs/PackageMetadata.md)
 - [PackageName](docs/PackageName.md)
 - [PackageQuery](docs/PackageQuery.md)
 - [PackageRating](docs/PackageRating.md)
 - [PackageRegEx](docs/PackageRegEx.md)
 - [SemverRange](docs/SemverRange.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)
 - [UserAuthenticationInfo](docs/UserAuthenticationInfo.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

## UserAndPasswordYieldsToken
- **Type**: API key

Example
```
```

## Author

davisjam@purdue.edu

